docs: add more content to "Get started" (#298)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/en/get-started/configure-the-workspace/manage-members.md

---
title: Manage Workspace Members
---

> **User** models after a subject performing the operation. Most of the time, user corresponds to a human being. Bytebase also has a special robot user named "Bytebase" (ID=1) which conducts automatic operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**User** models after a principal performing the operation. Most of the time, user corresponds to a human being. Bytebase also has a special robot user named "Bytebase" (ID=1) which conducts system operations.
```
